Place default ID attribute in Read Only group (#46)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs: CHANGELOG.md

ENHANCEMENTS:

* template functions: Added `split` to help separating a string into substrings ([#70](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/pull/70)).

BUG FIXES:

> * schemamd: Place the default "ID" attribute as a "Read Only" attribute, unless there's a defined description ([#46](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/pull/46)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* schemamd: By default `ID` attribute should be "Read Only", unless there's a description defined, in which case it's handled like any other attribute in the schema ([#46](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/pull/46)).
```
